prince here.
We're going to discuss about boys dot part model.
Actually,
this way is dark Part is a sub model off ways.
Let me open my common life.
Oh,
I'm going to open my lining,
Stuntman.
So here,
let me enter into my python three.
Colonel.
Right.
So here I am going to import ways.
No.
You know,
you can see the list off more operations with your voice.
My face is somebody who always dot pot,
right?
Let me go on.
See there.
Where is door part?
This one,
right?
These are sub model off your who is.
So I want to see what are the operations are there with where is not part So you can do it
one second in this way.
Where's directory or operations?
On your ways,
Dark part.
See that you're getting some off the operations from your ways.
That part right?
I'm this ways.
That part sub model is used to work on parts like you know,
whether partner parties there are not whether that part is the directly or file part right
?
What is the size off that?
What is the when it was created?
What is the access time?
What is a modified time,
right?
Whether it is a soft league or more so in this way to work with your parts were using with
dark part model,
right?
Let me go with some of them.
First thing wears dark part darts.
Operator,
we know where's dot supper is also having you're wastes operated information the same way
ways that part are separated.
Also your operating systems operator.
Right?
Let me do one thing.
Simply brink ways dot spot dot Somebody did.
You're getting your separated off your operating system.
Right?
Then Next one ways dot,
dot dot based name off pot.
First of all,
let me do one thing,
guys somewhat.
I'm going to take a part called home.
Is it to user?
And then some this dot Be like Okay,
let me simply cooperated.
Copy this part and I'm going to enter into my piped on.
Colonel,
are you can also open some script?
Noble,
Let me do it.
This think otherwise B I voy a spot that don't be white.
I'm going to import first away its model.
Right.
Then I'm going to take a part in this rig Ice I don't want to again,
again.
And again.
Ah,
type this part.
That's why I'm take I'm storing my path into variable called part.
No.
What?
I wonder,
please.
Hey,
guys based name means night See in this entire park Let me show you that.
First,
bring ways dot Part adore based name off your part.
See the output body or getting right?
Let me spell this on.
Run this with your pipe on three.
Sit output night.
So,
you know,
given part based name means this is what is your exert last ending value in your part?
It may be directly or part right.
You have one more thing that is Let me print now Ways dot,
dot dot Directory Name off your part That means whatever the filer part complete part you
are providing in that part What is the directly name?
I mean first let me run this before running this Let me open your script once on then I'm
going to run.
So actually you are running a script,
you know What is that?
Directly name off your part.
See,
guys,
if you take this is the part.
This is called directory name for this fight.
Right?
See the output You're reading that one only based name means this party are getting
directly.
Name means you are getting this part.
So this is very,
very helpful,
but never riff.
You're installing some packages,
like Fine.
Then what is the next one ways That part?
That giant.
So this is used to join two parts.
Suppose guys.
Just imagine that you don't how this ways dot part our joint operation.
Now what I want is I want to add two parts.
There's not me.
Enter into my fight or internal.
So before going to render pregnant Wait this.
No,
I'm going to under in the fight on the let's say,
having two parts,
but one is supposed route home then part of who I am having some easy to user.
Now I want to add these two parts.
You know,
these two are strings.
You can add it like if you remember,
you can act two strings in this way.
String one bless string.
Do right.
See,
that is,
er yes,
you're getting,
but these two are the part between these two parts.
Usually all parts separate Roswell.
That means manually.
You need to are your parts operator part one.
Bless your parts operating off your operating system?
No,
I'm working with UNIX operating system.
That's why I need to go.
I need to provide.
This was last.
If it is when those other slash you have to provide right then,
Father,
in this way you can get it.
But but nobody feel writing s group in that you're doing some You're adding some two parts
.
But based on operating system,
you need to provide slash But you could take this one.
I mean,
let me take import west.
Let me bring now weighs dot part Don't join just I'm providing part one and part two I'm
not giving the separator to Are these two parts python will take care based on your
operating system See that I'm not giving this slash No,
By default,
your python is providing that slash If it is windows,
it will provide different slash.
If it is you next year it is supporting this one.
So after medical,
your python will aren't by providing your parts operated between two parts.
So it is very,
very important race adding two parts C two parts are strings.
You can also add your strings in this way,
but whenever if you're doing in this way Based on operating system,
your toe probably was slash But if you take western border,
join python will take care of what?
You are separated.
That's it.
Simple.
Then where's that part that split?
So what are the part you're having in your hand?
Right?
If you if you split that it is going toe split the part name India Pale Which country stuff
Head.
Until I mean let's say somewhere we have part right.
Let me take this part.
Assume that this is a part.
This is it.
But so in this part this is called head and this is called tail.
See if I do simply ways let me print the result directly.
Are you guys You can also assigned this operations or put into some variable wears dark
park door Split your part Whatever the part you're having in your hand See the result
You're getting a couple which consist off head Until not this operational port you can
assign You know this is you know,
but dot b a r name or put This is based name common or put You have done this right?
Ah based name.
And then the a R name.
That's what it is.
Giving split operation is going to give the air name and then based name or put.
Fine.
No,
just get the path size.
I mean,
what are the file you have in your hand?
I want to get the size for that.
Seaways dot,
dot dot Get sizes The operation.
I see nothing,
is there.
You don't worry where these are operations are there the air off?
Where's that part?
Will you list off operations from that?
I'm taking some of them for time.
Being unbinding for this operation will give your result in terms off bites.
I see What I'm saying is you don't remember all these operations.
Just a have a glance once here.
So from this,
I'm taking some of them.
Right?
Sorry.
Not waste or separated.
Right?
Where is dot dot That's it.
Fine.
No,
next one is Where is the part that exist?
You guys just assume that you are going to start some obligation to start some application
.
You have some common for that application on your operating system.
So to start the application,
I intern some popular fight,
but before winter,
and make sure that whether it is there or not?
If it is not there,
you can't do anything right?
That's why just for you've condition purpose,
right?
You can use this one ways.
Dark part dot exists.
You are part if really your party's existing guys,
our parties,
I store somewhere partners This one if there's not,
is there,
then only I condone it as you are getting proof.
See,
What I'm saying is I can buy the simple by transcript in this I'm taking in this way.
Ive Where's that part that exists?
You're given part.
Then I can say print your file is there,
right?
So let moronic else else.
If that is false,
then I can say that Print this.
Let me bring it is not present on this coast.
That's it,
right?
Let me down it once by 13 scape.
Yes.
You are getting your file,
is there?
What I'm doing is I'm just going to modify my part value something like that Is your wife
in user?
Is there?
No,
I'm removing some Your letter?
that is not a valid part on my host Now if I run there See is not present on this host.
Yes,
it is not present.
So to take some decision based on your file with if condition,
this is also helpful.
Right?
Then see,
given part,
maybe file part or Barrett report.
You can take it.
Where is not part that is file in case.
Whatever the part you're providing.
If there is a file part than this Valley will do output as it true,
then if it is a direct report,
then ways that part that is very,
very well do that output 1000 direct.
No,
see that what I'm doing is I want to decide.
I want to decide whether the given parties a file or not.
Then what I will do.
Let me come into all these lines.
But I'm going to commend all these lines now.
I'm implementing a simple skip.
That is,
if where's that part dot is filed?
What are the part you're having in your hand?
Then I can say that Bring he's a fine,
that's it else.
If it is not a file,
we have only one other option that is,
bring bring your party's under a tree.
That's it.
So I can use only ease file,
and I can decide because if it is a file.
Then where's that part that is fallible becomes true.
Then you're going to split this line,
right?
See the airport?
Yes.
Know what I'm doing is I'm going toe money for your part.
I'm going to give upto directory.
I no see,
that is what you're getting is a directory or getting?
Yes,
it's a territory.
Previously you got find no reason territory.
Now to check that I can use a dirty he's frail operation are is directory operation in your
if conditions.
Then where's that part?
That is Link.
See?
You know,
sometimes we have some soft links.
Right?
Let me check it.
Is there any soft link?
No.
Let me do one thing.
I'm going to create a softly.
Where's that part?
I'm going to create my voice.
Something like that.
No.
See that now?
My waist is a soft link,
right?
I want to check that with python.
Whether it's a soft drink or not,
simply import your ways.
You can also write your strip.
I'm I'm going from from command line.
I see Bring ways door part dot is link Then just to provide You were I suppose my waist
files.
Are you can also avoid complete part.
As I know,
I'm in the same location.
That's why I'm not providing complete,
but yes,
true.
But what I'm doing is where is not part of that is Linc.
I'm providing Suppose what is underscore but not the way.
This is not a softly in this.
Simply a file,
right?
That's we're getting open as false.
So based on this true and false,
I can tell that this is a softening on this is that this is not a soft ling by using if
condition.
Right.
So,
guys,
these all are these some of the operations from your ways that part and which are very,
very helpfully new real time.
Along with dark,
you also need access time,
right?
Some creation by mortified time.
So these times you can get from your waist are pot.
Where's that part that get access time.
But to understand these three operations,
you should be good with some time model off your python.
So after discussing time model,
one second will come back toe your ways.
That part and I will explain about these three operations,
right?
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this video